h2. DystopianIndex

This is a Rails plugin that uses Tokyo Dystopia to index models.  It's ideal for small projects that need a fast indexer because it's easy to setup and understand, and doesn't use too many resources or daemon processes.

h3. Installation

Build and compile Tokyo Cabinet and Tokyo Dystopia from "tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net":http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/ -- they're clean and simple C projects and should build on your Mac or Linux machine.

Then install the "rufus-tokyo":http://github.com/jmettraux/rufus-tokyo gem.

h3. Usage

To use the plugin with a model, define an index like this:

<pre>
  dystopian_index do
    indexes :content, :name
    order_by :created_at
  end
</pre>

h3. Rake Tasks

<pre>
rake dystopia:benchmarks                  # Runs benchmarks
rake dystopia:index                       # Indexes all models
</pre>

h3. Plugin Design

* Each model has its own Dystopia index
* Fields are concatenated into one big index record -- this means you can't currently search according to field
* When an update is performed, the index is opened and closed on demand to help prevent data loss.  I've indexed this scheme (see the benchmarks) and it's not too slow
* Data information is stored in the first few bytes of each index record to help sort values
* Indexes are stored in db/indexes/ -- the plugin will make this directory if required

h3. Ideas

It might be better to create separate indexes for each field.

h3. Acknowledgements

The Rake tasks need to load all models.  This code was based on "ThinkingSphinx's":http://freelancing-god.github.com/ts/en/ code that does the same thing (which is a nice piece of work by the way).  I hope to refactor this out later.

Copyright (c) 2009 Alex R. Young, released under the MIT license
